Can't get enough
of this place, huh?
I tried a new kind of
fertilizer. [chuckles] But it
really hasn't helped.
Didn't all the pros already
write it off? I don't know why
you're wasting your time.
In a battle that destroyed
almost everything in its path,
this tree was able to survive.
(Naruto) I want to take care of
it myself.
Gardening is great, but more
importantly, is everything all
set up for the summit yet?
(Shikamaru) The Five Kage will
be arriving very soon.
(Naruto) Yeah. They will.
You talk a big game,
Metal. Hope your fists
can back up your mouth!
You are one to talk! What are
you waiting for? Come on! Let us
go!
Lord Hokage is the
strongest!
But that depends on the
time and place!
Another fight? Boring.
Yeah they're arguing about who
among the Five Kage is the most
powerful leader.
(Shino) Knock it off, both of
you! We're still in class!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Hey, don't make such a big deal
out of the Five Kage Summit.
It's just your uncle coming to
meet my stupid old man,
Shikadai.
It's totally not worth
getting freaked out over.
Yeah, but you still don't
understand. Uncle Gaara brings
such weird gifts.
[laughing]
It's funny, you guys talk about
the Five Kage Summit like it's a
family reunion or something.
(Wasabi) Whoa, awesome!
[impressed] Huh?
Wow, amazing Sarada! You seem
really motivated today!
I've come to a decision.
I'm going to be Hokage.
Whoa! Are you serious?
Well, you've got what it
takes.
Yeah! Go, Lord Eighth!
Did you hear that?
Ha! Wasn't all that long ago,
you were making fun of ninja.
(Boruto) What prompted the
sudden change of heart?
Unlike you, I choose not
to be childish anymore.
Hey! What's childish about me?
You mean, what's not childish
about you?
[grunts] Whatever. Aiming to be
the new Hokage is fine.
But you can't just hurl some
shuriken. You gotta master a
skill, some kinda special jutsu!
[grunting]
Oww! Oww!
That was great.
Whatever, I hit the
target, didn't I?
That was just lucky.
Oh, is that right?
[chuckles]
And what are you laughing
at?
I was just thinking that the two
of you make a very nice duo.
Uh, no way!
Excuse me, it seems you don't
quite get it yet, so I think I
should enlighten you.
Sarada has...
Hey, Cho‐Cho! I'm so
thirsty. Let's go get
some water, come on!
What was that about?
Uhh, dunno.
Ehh, forget them. Listen up!
(Inojin) Graffiti the Great
Stone Faces?
Shh! Keep your voice
down, kay!
You already did that before.
That's like, so unoriginal.
Well, a true artist sticks to
the style that he knows best?
And my last attempt lacked
a little something.
But this time, I'm way more
prepared. I plan to create an
outright masterpiece!
Art? Yeah, sure.
Alright! Inojin, you're
good at art, so you can
help me out, right?
No! That's so lame.
Just forget it, man. The Five
Kage Summit is today! Village
security is way too tight.
Yeah, but that's the
whole point!
Being a shinobi means
outsmarting your enemies and
succeeding no matter what right?
Nah, sounds like a
drag. Sorry, I'm out.
Good luck, Boruto. See
ya.
[groans]
Why are you keeping your
Sharingan such a big
secret?
Mom said if I don't keep it
under wraps, then I might get
targeted again.
Also, I'm thinking it'll be so
much more fun to master the
thing first.
So afterward I can rub it
in that idiot's face.
There she is, the Evil Sarada!
Yeah but anyway, I still want to
get better at it so...
will you help me with
training after school? Or are
you busy?
Aw, I'm sorry, I have to train
with my dad today. Maybe ask
your mom?
I can't, she doesn't
have the time right now.
(Sarada) We just moved into a
new place...
and she's barely even had
the time to start unpacking
boxes.
Stupid me. Why didn't I
bother to label these
things? [groans]
We're here in front of the
Hokage's Office.
The air is filled with tension
that only the start of the Five
Kage Summit can create.
Spit it out, man! You know you
owe me an explanation!
Fine, here you go!
[growling]
You guys, please
stop, we're in public!
(Reporter) Oh my!
Huh?
[cheering]
(Metal) There! There he is!
The Fifth Raikage, Darui!
Kind of a showoff, if you
ask me.
When the previous Raikage
tragically lost his left arm, he
trusted Darui's abilities...
so much he is known to have
said, "Who needs a left arm,
when I have a mighty right hand
man as you!" Those words are a
testament to his worthiness!
Right hand man? Still, nobody
compares to Lord Hokage.
(Metal) It is the Sixth
Mizukage, Chojuro!
One of the great, powerful Seven
Ninja Swordsmen of the Mist from
the Hidden Mist Village.
When he wields the Ninja blade,
Hiramekarei he has no mortal
equal!
A sword? So that means when it
comes to ninjutsu, no one can
touch Lord Hokage.
[cheering]
(Metal) Wow, it is really her!
The Fourth Tsuchikage.
There is a legend that even when
confronted by 100,000 Zetsu,
she never flinched.
And the legend still stands!
(Metal) And for that I must
say...
Go, Big Sister Kurotsuchi!
I'll admit, If they battled
using Lord Hokage's Sexy Jutsu,
that would make a great match.
I'd watch.
(Metal) Here we go! The Fifth
Kazekage, Lord Gaara!
Also known as the
Prince of the Sand Gourd!
Raised without love, the person
who changed him was the one and
only...
Our beloved Hokage, Naruto
Uzumaki!
The boy genius born of
the Hidden Sand!
I can't believe he's Shikadai's
uncle, it's such a waste!
I know, so unfair! [crying]
Hey, Mom! I'm home! [gasps]
It's not in here, either!
What are you looking for
in there, Mom?
I can't find the claim ticket
for the last photograph you and
I took.
Do you know which
box it might be in?
Uh‐uh, but that's why I
said to label the boxes.
Oh, come on.
[giggles] Tadah!
When did you?
I knew that it was important to
you, so I got it earlier.
(Sarada) [giggles]
There!
What a wonderful photo!
Mmhmm.
Oh, are you going out?
Yeah, I have to be somewhere
now.
Wait, what? You're not going to
stay here and help me?
I'll help when I get
back, okay? Bye!
[sighs]
The Fourth Great Ninja
War ended fifteen years
ago.
And ever since that fateful,
historic battle, many children
have been born.
(Naruto) Not only the Land of
Fire, but all Five Nations
survived without...
excessive upheaval, thanks to
everyone's perseverance and hard
work.
We, the Five Kage, will continue
to stand united and protect the
peace we all strove to win.
[cheering]
[chuckles]
[grunts] Come on! I wasn't ready
for that!
Hey, I'm helping you, so
quit whining and get
ready!
Uh!
(Sarada) I see it!
[grunts] Now I'm annoyed!
Huh?
[giggles] That's Shadow Clone
Jutsu.
Sharingan lets you copy someone
else's jutsu? That's so
convenient. No fair.
But still, I have a ways to go
before I master it.
(Sarada) [sighs] Wait a second,
I feel dizzy.
[shaky breaths]
Sarada!
Konohamaru Sensei!
[sighs]
I wondered who would come all
the way out here to train...
wouldn't have guessed it was you
two!
The Sharingan, huh?
Yeah. Is there anything about it
that can you teach me?
(Konohamaru) Well you are a
child of the Uchiha. So it's
only natural you'd be curious.
Get over yourself
and help her out!
In general, there are three
things unique to the Sharingan.
(Konohamaru) The first one is
superior kinetic vision.
Second, is the power to analyze
a jutsu structure, copy it, and
make it your own.
Although the ability won't work
with extremely high‐level
jutsu...
or those that depend on
peculiar traits.
Oh, I see.
And the third is powerful
genjutsu.
Specifically, being capable of
causing someone else to see
illusions.
(Konohamaru) Of course, any
average shinobi can use
genjutsu...
but the Sharingan renders
it even more effective.
That's so awesome!
(Konohamaru) However, because
the Sharingan consumes so much
chakra, you must be cautious...
and try to conserve your
energy, or it'll tap you out,
okay?
So that's why I got so
dizzy.
Huh? What are you
talking about?
It's nothing, never mind!
Sarada, now you're one step
closer to becoming the Hokage!
Cho‐Cho!
Really? Aiming to become the
next Hokage, are you?
Oh, I, uh, yeah!
Got it. Then I suppose I look
forward to being your rival!
You too, Sensei?
Of course, me too!
Since I was a kid, I've idolized
Big Brother Naruto...
and sharpened my skills to be
just like him!
Cool, but I'm still
gonna beat you.
Becoming the Hokage will be
tougher than I thought. I mean,
with you and Boruto around.
Uh, that idiot told me he has
no interest in becoming
the Hokage.
I'm not so sure about
that.
Huh?
(Konohamaru) See, I believe he's
just frustrated that everyone
sees him...
only as the Hokage's son.
After all, I grew up the
grandson of the Third Hokage...
so I can truly understand how he
feels.
Then, I guess I have my work
cut out for me.
I'll just beat that bratty
attitude right out of him.
And as a daughter from the
famous Ino‐Shika‐Cho trio...
surely you must understand too,
right, Cho‐Cho?
Hmm, not really. [chewing]
[uncomfortable laugh]
(Cho‐Cho) Well, sorry, I gotta
go train now, bye.
[laughs] Okay. Thank you!
Yeah, so anyway, a friend you
can compete with is also a very
dependable friend to have...
wouldn't you say?
Yes.
We're going into a
closed session now.
[disappointed sighs]
[sighs] Alright, let's get to
the real agenda, yes?
I'm wondering why I don't
see Sasuke here.
You called us all here to
discuss something regarding his
mission, I recall.
Sasuke has already left the
Village.
This is a serious
situation that calls for quick
action.
What are you getting at?
(Naruto) It's about our Shinobi
world.
I fear, we're about to face
a brand new peril.
Well, don't keep us in
the dark, tell us.
Regarding Danzo Shimura of the
Nue incident, as well as Shin
Uchiha, who I recently fought.
Turns out, there's a common
factor that keeps showing up...
in the materials that they
left behind.
An account... that a parallel
dimension exists.
I'm sorry?
Isn't that the same thing Sasuke
has been investigating? Are they
connected in some way?
Kaguya, the one Sasuke and I
sealed away back then...
was backed by a terrifying,
powerful army.
(Chojuro) You mean the White
Zetsu that Madara mobilized?
They sure gave us a ton
of trouble.
Kaguya herself was definitely
formidable enough.
But the fact that she was
fortified by the White Zetsu
army really worried a lot of us.
But didn't she require them in
order to face down the Shinobi
Allied Forces?
No, apparently, that was
not the case.
This is what we found. In
reality, the White Zetsu were
conceived and created...
long before we shinobi were born
into this world.
What? But how is that
possible?
And if what you say is
true, what purpose does
it serve?
(Naruto) We've only gathered a
little intel thus far. But it
hints at this:
Soon, a different entity, even
more dangerous and frightening
than Kaguya...
will make its appearance in
this world.
[gasps]
You're the Hokage, huh.
Someday, I'll be one of these
Great Stone Faces.
Uh, Boruto?
A foe more powerful
than Kaguya?
And you think that's
why the White Zetsu Army
was created?
Well, what other purpose
could there be?
And you were investigating
something as vitally important
as this without our knowledge?
That was rather sneaky
I have to say.
I'm sorry, but until we
had real proof, I had to
maintain secrecy.
But something like this?
While we may all be at peace
now, that doesn't mean...
the ravages of war have been
completely erased from our
minds.
And how do we explain
this to our people?
Just thinking about this
makes me feel dull.
I can't fathom that this could
be false intel, a cruel prank
intended to fuel unrest.
"The future ought to
stay bright."
That's what Sasuke said.
How much time remains
until we can expect this
new enemy to appear?
Perhaps a few months or even
years. Maybe more. The truth is
we don't know yet.
[sighs] That doesn't bode well.
[sighs] Yes, bad enough during
our generation. Even worse, if
it falls on the next one.
What do you mean by that?
[sighs]
Difficult to say, but I
will.
The generation coming up
behind us is, frankly,
just not up to par.
The once‐tense past between the
Five Great Nations has now
changed.
Every village shares the valid
concern...
about the lack of real life
skills among the young people.
Shin Uchiha thought that for
true evolution, conflict is
essential to the selection...
of superior genes, and I regret
he may have a point.
Our generation united together
as the Allied Shinobi Force.
That's why we won the great war.
(Kurotsuchi) But there's no
built‐in guarantee...
that the next generation is
capable of repeating that.
And that's why we have to be the
ones who destroy any existence
that surpasses Kaguya now...
or there will be agony extending
far beyond our powers and worst
fears.
Hmm?
You sure have lots of free time.
Oh, great. Sarada. Dang
it.
Don't you have an opinion about
this whole situation, Gaara?
Can't live up to this
generation.
Is there any generation that
hasn't been compared that way?
[gasps]
Wouldn't you agree, Naruto?
[chuckles] Oh, yeah.
Stop. I won't let you deface the
Hokage!
What do you care? They're
useless, old‐fashioned, and
totally embarrassing!
Lord Seventh told me that
everyone in the entire village
is so close...
they're just like family to him!
What a load of crap! The
guy's all talk.
[scoffs]
War's not the only kind of
conflict there is.
We can battle and compete with
friends, and hone our skills. We
can grow stronger.
Just think about all of that for
a moment. Surely you can relate,
right?
[gasps]
(Naruto) It's true, the era in
which we fought is much
different from today.
But still, I don't think it's
fair or accurate to say these
kids are weak.
They're still young buds, just
waiting to bloom.
But someday, they'll surpass us
as shinobi.
(Naruto) And they'll fill this
village with the fresh, green
leaves of growth...
which means fresh new hope. I
have faith in that.
[gasps]
[grunts]
Heh!
Uh!
[grunting]
[panting] I gotta admit, Sarada,
I'm a little shocked.
[panting] You want to keep
going or what?
Eh, Huh?
No way, any more and it might
kill me! But let's pick it up
again soon.
[chuckles] Then it's a draw.
[gasps]
Ha ha! I win as always! See ya!
Hmph!
[panting] Hey!
Hmm?
Lord Seventh! I have bad news!
(Moegi) It's the Great Stone
Faces.
[chuckles]
What am I gonna do with
that kid?!
One thing's for sure. He might
become a shinobi who outshines
us.
Coward! Come back!
I'm okay with being a
coward. I totally own it!
Wait! That's kind of a
cowardly move, isn't it?
But you said you were okay with
that, right?
(Boruto) Fine! I guess this
calls for a Sexy Jutsu, then!
What exactly is that? I'll
pulverize whoever came up with
it!
(Boruto) Hey, wait! What are you
doing?
I still think they make a
very good duo.
(Boruto) Gimme a break! I'm
gonna die!
(Sarada) No you won't, you'll be
fine!
(Boruto) Stop it!
(Sarada) Boruto!
(Shino) For the first time, we
will conduct a field trip
outside the village.
Everyone must exercise extreme
caution.
(Shikadai) The Land of Water,
and the Hidden Mist Village.
This can't be a good
idea, we gonna be okay?
(Shino) If something does
happen, consider the field trip
cancelled immediately.
(Boruto) Well, if I have any say
in it, you know we're gonna
liven things up.
Next time, on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Turbulent
Field Trip."
(Shikadai) I got a bad feeling
about this.